everybody Admiral Pollard here today
with some great news for some of you I
used to play a game called impossible
creatures back when I was really young
probably like eight or nine maybe I
don't remember when I came out I think I
want to say 2003 but I could be wrong
I'm regardless that series did really
well and my old motherboard fried on my
time was an HP dv6 laptop and when I got
my new machine which is what I'm on
right now obviously didn't work oh I
couldn't get it because it's considered
like rare and it's worth like a hundred
and twenty dollars on amazon and ebay is
fucking ridiculous I know a lot of you
guys wanted that series back so today I
was going downstairs wasn't even looking
for it and I walked by where I had my
old xbox and I said I'll check their see
if there's any games i can sell or
something get some more money I'm saving
up for a another 7777 okay I'm saving up
for another graphics card an AMD Radeon
or ati radeon 7770 I want to say this
three sevens I'm fucking retarded to put
in crossfire with my current one because
i just bought a 128 gigabyte SSD that's
coming it'll be here on tuesday so
that's awesome so on yeah I was down
there seeing what there was and I looked
and there's impossible creatures found
it with I think this both disks if not
I'm gonna be pissed yep cd1 cd2 so on
let's see if I reach system requirements
I need to have operating system of at
least windows 98 check I need a 500
megahertz processor check 128 megabytes
of RAM check and I need a 16 megabyte
video card check I also need a standard
sound card that is a check and I need a
hundred and five hundred
100 gigabytes one point five gigabytes
on my hard disk oh and I also need a
mouse and a keyboard son of a bitch now
anyway I'm let's put this baby in and
install it and see if it works I don't
really see a product key but I'm gonna
be honest with you I don't only remember
ever putting them in fuck as I always
used to UM I gave this to a few friends
not gonna lie um doesn't look too
scratched put it in there and see what
happens it's just a standard um card
reader obviously so I yeah let's see
what we can do here oh Claire it is
coming up all right ah why don't we
different run it I haven't put I haven't
installed am I haven't installed a CD in
ages i'm trying to think of the last
game i installed on a CD cuz now I use
steam and stuff okay are we not going to
install a lot here you go this is this
oh wait there's the product ID okay so
install impossible creatures of the
default configuration directx 9 no
install checking hardware can you
imagine if it told me that um I couldn't
install it because I didn't have the
required guy didn't I had to hi of
hardware or something because i used to
have to run it backwards compatibility
with windows XP service pack thoria
thing what the fuck is making that noise
that is the fucking loudest card reader
I've ever heard in my goddamn life Jesus
I don't really remember how loud they
were I don't even remember them being
that loud although that is like right
it's like one foot away from me me t.t I
don't know what is the model number on
this card it's
oh it's a friggin it's an HP disk drive
who gives a shit all right anyway I'm
going to pause this because this looks
like it's going to take forever um so
yeah I'll resume when I get this baby
open all right guys let's insert
impossible creatures disc 2 and 2 dr e
i'm pretty sure the computers at this
time it wasn't normal to have more than
one drive i could be wrong i was like
two or okay you know their mind come on
all right now i put this bad boy in this
i have like three drive bays in this
thing I have to drive bays in an
expansion bay all right drive to hit OK
or will it hit okay thirty-eight percent
copying the engine or anyway I'm going
to pause it back and I will resume when
we actually have the little icon on the
screen anyway yep all right everybody we
have installed the game fully and I've
taken our disc 1 and I really hope I
don't not have to play with disc in
because it seriously sound sounds like
it's getting raped in the ass or
something like moans and make this
obnoxious spinning noise but anyway yeah
I'm going to load up the game and resume
if i can get it yeah all right everybody
we are back and we are in with some
minor overclocking to my cpu I've got it
up to about 12 gigahertz which is
required to play this game especially at
these insane texture details and I'm
pretty sure this is like brightness is
something it's fine and I don't know
what the fuck this is does it like lock
the frames I'll just lock it up at high
I don't even know so I'm yeah if this
video gets 10 likes I will do episode 1
like as soon as it gets 10 likes if not
it'll be tomorrow so thanks for watching
and I'll see you guys next time